Well there are two things we should definitely do.
Free actually we should enable this delete button and when editing a recipe no matter if creating a
new one or editing an existing one.
We should make the cancel button work on hitting save.
We should navigate away.
Actually that's the same which would happen when hitting cancel.
So that would be a challenge for you again make all three buttons work save and cancel to simply navigate
away.
And then also the delete button to delete our recipe.
Here is my approach.
When I want you do is I want to start with the delete button for this.
I'll start the recipe service and add or delete recipe method.
Ress said the world will get the index of the recipe which should get deleted.
And then here I will then use my recipes array called the splice method and splice the index one element
to remove it.
They are after all called Recipes changed and a made a copy of the updated recipes like this.
That's the first step.
Now I can call delete recipe from the recipe detail a component which is where we have this delete button
by adding a click listener on delete recipe and hirable copy dead and implemented in the typescript
file here on the left recipe and I simply want to reach out to the recipe service call delete recipe
and now we also need the ID here.
So we used it early and of course to have this more complicated way of navigating.
But for deleting now we really needed.
So here we should add this ID as an argument.
So before we Tester's let's also make the cancel and save button work and let them navigate us away.
So the recipe added component which is where we have these buttons here.
We should hook them up to any event listener so cancell we should hook up the other one already is automatically
triggering the submission event when we hit cancel.
I want to execute on cancell and in the recipe edit component typescript file.
You don't need that import any more so we can remove it but the thing I wanted to do is I will add d
on cancell methods and in uncancel.
Well here I simply want to navigate away.
So for that we need the router of type router so let's inject it here.
Make sure to import the router Taieb from at angular router and with that injected and on cancell I
can simply access the router and navigate and a want to go up one level.
If we were editing this will take me back to the detail page.
If I clicked on the new button it will take me back to the recipe's page.
So for this to work we need to tell angular what our current route is and we do already inject the TIR
de-activated route.
So with that we can pass the second parameter relative to this route.
So that what happens if we click the cancel button.
I actually want the same to happen once I submit the form.
So here I will call on cancel even though it sounds wrong but we are done at this point.
We can simply navigate away.
Let's see if that all works perfectly cancel.
We're back to our recipe the same for this one.
And if Why do change something and hit save.
We're all back to the updated recipe and if we create a new one and I had to cancel.
We're back to the place like the recipe state which makes sense and if Antrel something here and click
save.
We're back to the state to sell this is our application working fine here.
All these buttons are working.
Let's see if we can delete this recipe now.
Looks almost OK but we still see it here in the detail view even though we deleted it can demonstrate
again for the schnitzel.
See it it's still here even though we removed it.
So that is something we need to update before we are finally done with this section.